Update rerun-failed-tests-only.adoc (#8064)
circleci/circleci-docs: jekyll/_cci2/rerun-failed-tests-only.adoc

```

. Update the `glob` command to match your use case. **If your current job is using xref:test-splitting-tutorial#[CircleCI's intelligent test splitting], you must change the `circleci tests split` command to `circleci tests run` with the `--split-by=timings` parameter.**. If you are not using test splitting, `--split-by=timings` can be omitted. Note: you may also use link:https://playwright.dev/docs/test-reporters#junit-reporter[Playwright's built-in flag] (`PLAYWRIGHT_JUNIT_OUTPUT_NAME`) to specify the JUnit XML output directory.  

> . Ensure that you are using the latest version of Playwright.  Version 1.27.1 of Playwright does not output JUnit XML in a format that is compatible with this feature.

Reviewer: I was wondering if we should specify a minimum working version. We can say something along the lines of "ensure that Playwright is at version v1.34.2 (what worked for that customer) or higher"

Author: fair.  i wasnt sure if like 1.28 worked for example.  so i didnt want someone who had 1.28 to feel like they had to upgrade if they didnt actually have to.   but i like your idea more, let's do that

> . Ensure that you are using version 1.34.2 or later of Playwright.  Earlier versions of Playwright may not output JUnit XML in a format that is compatible with this feature.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
+
NOTE: Ensure that you are using version 1.34.2 or later of Playwright. Earlier versions of Playwright may not output JUnit XML in a format that is compatible with this feature.
```

**Answer:** Yes, you can specify the timing type similar to `circleci tests split --split-by=timings --timings-type=` using a `test-selector` flag.  You can pass `filename`, `classname`, or `testname`.

> **Question:** The re-run appears to be running all tests instead of only failed tests?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
---

**Question:** Why does the re-run appear to be running all tests instead of only failed tests?
```
